How to find intersection point between two segments:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/563198/how-do-you-detect-where-two-line-segments-intersect

How to check if point is inside rectangle described in four points:
https://martin-thoma.com/how-to-check-if-a-point-is-inside-a-rectangle/

How to calculate angle between two points
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2339487/calculate-angle-of-2-points/2339510

Determining end coordinates of line with the specified length and angle
https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/39390/determining-end-coordinates-of-line-with-the-specified-length-and-angle

Radians to degrees
https://www.rapidtables.com/convert/number/radians-to-degrees.html?x=-1.09

Reverse iteration possible implementations
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3623263/reverse-iteration-with-an-unsigned-loop-variable

How can I check if two segments intersect?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3838329/how-can-i-check-if-two-segments-intersect

Line Segment Intersection Algorithm
https://bryceboe.com/2006/10/23/line-segment-intersection-algorithm/

How to calculate corner positions/marks of a rotated/tilted rectangle?
https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/86755/how-to-calculate-corner-positions-marks-of-a-rotated-tilted-rectangle

Genetic algorithms - exercises
http://www.jakubw.pl/com/bib/1996_Alg_genetyczne_cwiczenia.pdf

How to check if point is inside triangle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2049582/how-to-determine-if-a-point-is-in-a-2d-triangle/21510010#21510010

How to check if point is inside circle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/481144/equation-for-testing-if-a-point-is-inside-a-circle

How to hide windows console
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2139637/hide-console-of-windows-application

How to check if point is inside polygon
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/217578/how-can-i-determine-whether-a-2d-point-is-within-a-polygon
https://wrf.ecse.rpi.edu/Research/Short_Notes/pnpoly.html

Crossover
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crossover_(genetic_algorithm)

Experimental Comparison of Binary and Floating Point Representations in Genetic Algorithms
http://www.cs.umsl.edu/~janikow/publications/1991/GAbin/text.pdf

How to calculate area of closed polygon
https://web.archive.org/web/20100405070507/http://valis.cs.uiuc.edu/~sariel/research/CG/compgeom/msg00831.html

Box2D documentation
https://box2d.org/

Box2D example
https://veendeta.wordpress.com/2012/02/16/tutorial-getting-started-with-box2d/

How to get fixtures shapes points from a body in Box2D
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6618532/how-to-get-a-fixtures-shapes-points-from-a-body-in-box2d

Determining if two consecutive line segments turn left or right
https://algorithmtutor.com/Computational-Geometry/Determining-if-two-consecutive-segments-turn-left-or-right/

How to determine if a list of polygon points are in clockwise order?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1165647/how-to-determine-if-a-list-of-polygon-points-are-in-clockwise-order

Box2D: Getting Child Index through Report Fixture
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20601728/box2d-getting-child-index-through-report-fixture

Apply Force to Box2D body in related direction
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14422179/apply-force-to-box2d-body-in-related-direction

Box2D C++ tutorials - Top-down car physics
http://www.iforce2d.net/b2dtut/top-down-car